Update bug report template to include reproduction info (#7)
polylang/.github: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/BUG_REPORT.md

**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**Reproduced with**

> Describe your WordPress, theme and plugins version activated to reproduce the issue

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Describe your WordPress installation, including the active theme and all activated plugins, each with their version numbers.
```
Clearer proposal.
